[router]: add sitemap option to disable sitemap generation (#31701)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/reference/sitemap.mdx

Expo Router currently injects a **/\_sitemap** automatically that provides a list of all routes in the app. This is useful for debugging.

> In SDK 52+, the sitemap can be removed by adding `sitemap: false` to your `app.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SDK 52 and above, the sitemap can be removed by adding `sitemap: false` to the `expo-router` config plugin in the app config:
```

```json app.json
{
  "plugins": [
    [
      "expo-router",
      {
        /* @info Disable the sitemap generation. */
        "sitemap": false
        /* @end */
      }
    ]
  ]
}
```

> In SDK <52, the sitemap can be removed by creating an empty `_sitemap` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SDK 51 and below, the sitemap can be removed by creating an empty `_sitemap` file.
```

> In SDK 51 and below, the sitemap can be removed by creating an empty `_sitemap` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SDK 51 and below, the sitemap can be removed by creating an empty **_sitemap.tsx** file inside **app** directory.
```

Let's make file names bold as per our writing style guide and also mention that create this file inside app directory.
